'''Version:''' 0.1.1
'''Author:''' Bryce
'''Author&#39;s Blog:''' http://brycecampbell.me/~bryce/blog
'''Description:''' RLight is a child theme of my [https://github.com/bryceac/RDarkness RDarkness] theme that presents a version that uses lighter colors than its parent theme.

==Version History==

<dl>
<dt style="font-weight:bold">0.1</dt><dd>Initial release</dd>
<dt style="font-weight:bold">0.1.1</dt><dd>Minor update. Move CSS to assets folder and remove unnecessary CSS, which makes it more difficult to convert theme to standalone. Released 6/6/2013</dd>
</dl>

==FAQ==

<ul>
<li>
<dl>
<dt style="font-weight:bold">Can I use this theme without RDarkness?</dt><dd>As it is now, that cannot be done. According to the [http://wiki.habariproject.org/en/Parent_and_Child_Themes Habari Project Wiki], the parent must be present. However, if you wish to use it as a standalone theme, which I do not recommend, you can copy all the PHP and CSS files from RDarkness to this theme's folder, but modifications will need to be made (see [[#Convert_to_Standalone | Convert to Standalone]] for details).</dd>
</dl>
</li>
<li>
<dl>
<dt style="font-weight:bold">What benefits do I have of using this as a child theme?</dt>
<dd>The biggest benefit, in my opinion, is that any updates applied to the RDarkness, including changes to RDarkness's CSS, will automatically be applied to this theme as well, though color scheme will remain the same, which means there is no need to update, aside from the parent theme.</dd>
</dl>
</li>
<li>
<dl>
<dt style="font-weight:bold">I converted this theme into a standalone theme, but when I updated, it became a child theme again.</dt><dd>If you used the git clone option, as opposed to downloading an archive, I really suggest backing up your changes or committing your changes to a branch or tag the commit, so that you can revert back.</dd>
</dl>
</li>
</ul>

for more questions, see the README for RDarkness.

== How to install ==

To install this theme, move the RLight folder or clone the repo into

<pre>
BlogRoot/user/themes/
</pre>

<dl>
<dt style="font-weight:bold">BlogRoot</dt><dd>directory where Habari resides</dd>
<dt style="font-weight:bold">user</dt><dd>user directory</dd>
<dt style="font-weight:bold">themes</dt><dd>themes directory</dd>
</dl>

Theme will need to be activated for it to be your theme.

==Convert to Standalone==

Although I do not recommend it, this theme can be converted into a Standalone theme.

<ol>
<li>Move all PHP and CSS files from RDarkness to this theme's directory.</li>
<li>in theme.php, which should have been copied over, change <strong>rdarkness</strong> to <strong>rlight</strong> in the class declaration statement on line 11.</li>
<li>Modify CSS (easier to use RDarkness's CSS file because it has everything necessary to maintain appearance)
<ul>
<li>change <strong>body</strong> background color property to #C0C0C0</li>
<li>change <strong>#top</strong> and <strong>#top a:link, #top a:visited, and #top a:active</strong> color property, which affects font color, to #F5F5DC.</li>
<li>change <strong>#top</strong> background color property, which provides solid color fallback for the theme, to #0099FF.</li>
<li>if CSS is in an <strong>assets</strong>, append <em>../</em> to beginning of image background property of <strong>#top</strong> and #header, #footer (which can only be found in RDarkness CSS file and the 0.1 release of this theme, which does not use an assets directory)</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>if CSS is in an assets directory, remove <strong>Stack::add()</strong> statement from line 30 in theme.php, since CSS file will be loaded automatically by Habari.</li>
<li>remove <strong>parent</strong> element from theme.xml file</li>
</ol>

===Alternative Method===

If you do not want to modify the CSS, download version 0.1, and only the PHP files from RDarkness will need to be copied.

The only modification that <strong>should</strong> be needed, other than removing the parent element from the XML file, with using the older version is to change <strong>rdarkness</strong> to <strong>rlight</strong> in the theme.xml

==Support==

If you need help, contact the author at the following email address:

brycecmpbell@gmail.com

==Misc.==

This theme has been tested with Habari 0.9. It is not known if it will work in earlier versions, but it <strong>should</strong> work on 0.8 if the version of RDarkness used is compatible with that version Habari.
